---
title: "2024/2024-06-27"
type: daily note
tags:
  - daily_note
date: "2024-06-27"
---
Date: 2024-06-27


## Todays Focus
- [ ] Argon RMA Node


## LOG
- Brian lc-rs-store34 Convo - ubuntu 22.04 server USB plug it in - ADDED to task manager
	- next time in LC new share store34
		- ruxton finished cabling
		- on our shelf sandisk bootable drive
		- plug it in 
- Brian itf-rs-store25 convo - SENT email - COMPLETED
	- nfs mounts will go stale and they will need to remount
	- make sure to communicate 
	- we recommend unmounting by Tuesday 9am and then remounting by 1pm
	
	**Subject:** Scheduled Maintenance for ITS-RS-Store25 on July 2nd
	
	Good morning,
	
	I just wanted to follow up regarding the necessary maintenance for ITS-RS-Store25. We will be proceeding with a brief shutdown to swap multiple disks on **Tuesday, July 2nd at 9:00 AM**.
	
	**Maintenance Details:**
	
	- **Purpose:** Disk swaps to enhance server performance and reliability.
	- **Expected Downtime:** Approximately 4 hours, with service resuming by 1:00 PM the same day.
	
	**Recommendations to Ensure a Smooth Process:**
	
	- **NFS Mounts:** Shutting down the server will cause NFS mounts to go stale, requiring a remount. We recommend unmounting these NFS mounts by **Tuesday, July 2nd at 9:00 AM** and remounting them any time after **Tuesday, July 2nd at 1:00 PM**.
	
	We anticipate that this will be a quick process and we are committed to restoring full service by early afternoon. Your understanding and cooperation are greatly appreciated as we work to improve the reliability of our services.
	
	Thank you for your attention to this matter. If you have any concerns or need further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me directly.
	
	Best regards,
- 2024-06-27-1on1-melissa
	- troubleshooting down or dead nodes in LC
	- policy for investor replacing nodes
		- [HPC Model | ITS-Research Services - The University of Iowa (uiowa.edu)](https://research.its.uiowa.edu/hpc-model)
		- after 5yrs of warranty, we will replace it with same or similar from UI queue
	-  ask john about dead nodes should i be looking daily?
	- divide and conquer for disk swaps 
		- hand easy ones to students and I do tough ones
- working on Jordan access issue for klie lss share - COMPLETED
	- https://uiowa.atlassian.net/browse/ITSRS-16301?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiZjJjZDJkNDZhNjIwNDU3NTk3MjZmZmU0MjlkMjgwYzUiLCJwIjoiaiJ9
	- user had access just connect - user error?

## NOTES

### Research Subnet Migration
- lags vs trunks

another failure

