---
title: "2025-02-09"
created: "2025-02-19"
type: meeting
attendees: 
tags:
  - meeting
  - uiowa
related_projects:
---
## Date: 2025-02-19
# Agenda
- lci workshop update
	- hardware
	- monitoring
	- user support
	- tools/softweare
- promotion
- open disscusion
# Discussion
- **Halo**
	- RS early adoption
	- 

- **H100 - wey-ran** 
    - not a good fit fore our cluster
    - in JJs teams ball park

- **building a customer face interface - visable**
    - talk to the sources - Grafana
    - lss, shares quota
    - node and queue
    - RDSS
    - Farming out? project manager
    - link to form, increase quota
    - couple groups in mind
        - acst not happy
    - the power platform by microsoft

 - **switch schedulers**
     - what has been the experience

- **Monitoring**
    - jj said there was a push to not have agents on the nodes
    - jj has tuned check MK - should we reach out to get a tour !!!!!!!!!!!

- **Law survey**
	- asked me to do a survey on Law IT needs